Add new summary table, methods context, TOC and date to report (#42)
opensafely/pharmacy-first-data-development: reports/pharmacy_first_data_development.Rmd

> df_codes_counts <- read_csv(

Reviewer: it may be useful to change the name for the existing data to clarify the difference to the new import

```suggestion
df_codes_count_measures <- read_csv(
```

  "Consultation Service for minor illness (1577041000000109)",
  "Pharmacy First service (983341000000102)"
)

summary_stat_label <- c(
  "count_distinct_ids",
  "count_pf_events",
  "count_pf_pathways"
)

summary_stat_label_desc <- c(
  "Distinct consultations",
  "Pharmacy First events",
  "Pharmacy First pathways"
)
```

## Medication status

> Initially, we investigated the 'medication status' field within the medications dataset by examining all possible values with counts over a one-year period. 

Reviewer: We could add hyperlinks to the docs to make it eaiser for the reader to check what we are talking about? 

```suggestion
Initially, we investigated the [`medication_status`](https://docs.opensafely.org/ehrql/reference/schemas/raw.tpp/#medications.medication_status) field within the [`medications`](https://docs.opensafely.org/ehrql/reference/schemas/raw.tpp/#medications) table by examining all possible values with counts over a one-year period. 
```

plot_code_counts_region
```

### Pharmacy First counts summary

The table below summarises the total count of clinical events (sourced from the clinical events dataset) before and after the Pharmacy First launch. This summary provides a visual representation of the rise in Pharmacy First events since the launch, as well as clinical events concerning conditions linked to Pharmacy First pathways. Additionally, further breakdowns include counts of clinical events occurring on the same day as a Pharmacy First consultation, and those with a Pharmacy First consultation ID, to identify potential instances of missing Pharmacy First clinical events. 

> ```{r, message=FALSE, warning=FALSE, echo = FALSE}

Reviewer: Add a empty line between the end of the paragraph and the start of the R chunk

  ) %>%
  tab_spanner(
    label = "6 months post PF launch",
    columns = starts_with("post_")
  ) %>%
  cols_label(
    summary_stat = "Summary Statistic",
    pre_all = "Any",
    pre_pfdate = "PF Same Day",
    pre_pfid = "PF Consultation",
    post_all = "Any",
    post_pfdate = "PF Same Day",
    post_pfid = "PF Consultation"
  ) %>%
  cols_align(
    align = "left",
    columns = summary_stat
  ) %>%
  tab_footnote(
    footnote = "All clinical events.",
    locations = cells_column_labels(columns = c(pre_all, post_all))
  ) %>%
  tab_footnote(
    footnote = "Clinical events taking place on the same day as a Pharmacy First consultation .",
    locations = cells_column_labels(columns = c(pre_pfdate, post_pfdate))
  ) %>%
  tab_footnote(
    footnote = "Clinical events with a Pharmacy First consultation ID.",
    locations = cells_column_labels(columns = c(pre_pfid, post_pfid))
  ) %>%
  tab_header(
    title = md("**Count of clinical events before and after the Pharmacy First launch date (31st Jan 2024)**"),
  )

gtsave(
  tab_pf_codes_count_summary,
  here("reports", "resources", "tab_pf_codes_count_summary.png"),
)

tab_pf_codes_count_summary

> ```

Reviewer: Add empty line between end of R chunk and start of text
